# assignment-2

Hello there! Here are Nithish and Xin Yang. I'm delighted to let you all visit my website. The website I created is a virtual grocery store. The business is known as Urban Grocer. Everyone in the modern world is preoccupied with their own tasks and doesn't have much time to pay attention to their diet. Most people choose to dine out. Even if they do choose to prepare meals at home, the majority of them often buy their ingredients at the grocery store. These store items may appear fresh, yet they may contain a lot of pesticides and chemicals. Such items might cause more harm to a person than not drinking them at all.I therefore made the decision to create a website that aids in promoting the consumption of organic fruits and vegetables as well. Fresh meat is also sold, including chicken, beef, mutton, lamb, and more than ten different kinds of fish. Additionally, Urban Organics intends to broaden its product line to include dried foods, spices, and other organic products like beans. This website's primary goal is to sell organic goods online for a very reasonable price. ## Design Process This website is applicable to every age group but is mainly targeted to the younger generation to cater their dietery requirements. I feel that its very important to cultivate good eating habits from a young age. This website features products ranging from organic vegetables and fruits to fresh meat varieties. The younger generations are more health consicous than the older generation. This can be seen through the increase in use of gyms among the youths and also youths being more cautious in their food intake. But youths do suffer from making wise choices on food sometimes as they do priorities convenience over healthy options. This website would help youths purchase healthy nutritious food products at ease by simply ordering online. Bein a youth myself I feel that such website would be very helpful as I dont have to worry about purchasing grocoeries that are filled with chemiclas or being gentically modified. Youths could also just order the products they want antime they want from any where with their smartphones. From the wireframe, you would notice that the website is very user friendly as it has a simple design with feature rich components. ## Features You should list the many components of your project in this section and give a brief description of each.
The top right corner of the website features a login page where users can access their accounts.
Users can log into their accounts using this to view exclusive membership offerings.
Additionally, the website contains a shopping cart symbol that visitors can utilize to see the items they have added to their shopping list and the overall cost of their purchase. The search icon allows users to look up the items they want to purchase. The many products and product categories are also viewable by users. In addition, users can enter the number of the desired purchases directly beneath the product. ### Features Left to Implement - Another feature idea
  In the future, I'd like to add more pages so I may expand the website's product offerings. I could organize my products more easily and offer a greater range of organic options if there were more pages. Additionally, I would like to perform validation. In order to let customers know when to shop to obtain the greatest deals, I would also like to add a countdown page for any special discounts. In order for customers to play the game and receive discount coupons, I would also like to add additional game variety to the website. ## Technologies Used - [HTML]   - The project uses HTML as the main base for my website - [CSS]
  - The project uses CSS to add stylistic elements like colours to my website
- [JavaScript]   - The project uses JS to enable interactvity to my website - [SCSS]
  - The project uses SCSS to facilitate the use of CSS ## Testing Through my testings, I realised that my website is quite responsive with most of the screen types and resolutions. I also showed my website to my freinds to know their opinion ## Credits ### Content - The text for section Y was copied from [Precision Nutrition](https://www.precisionnutrition.com/all-about-organic-foods) website ### Media - The photos used in this site were obtained from [Pexels](https://www.pexels.com/search/organic%20food/)
- Another website used in this site was also obtained from [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com/images/search/people/?manual_search=1) ### Acknowledgements - I received inspiration for this project from an website know as [Misfits Market](https://www.misfitsmarket.com/whats-in-your-box)
- I also used the resources from [w3schools](https://www.w3schools.com/html/default.asp)
